Proposal for Issue Templates Overhaul (#6310)
darkreader/darkreader: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/broken-website.md

---
name: Broken Website Report
about: Create a report about a website issue you experienced while using Dark Reader.

> title: "[Broken Website] Place title here"

Reviewer: We actually had this on before-hand but changed to `Replace with title` as it was thought you would place the title after `place title here` So I would often see `[Broken Website] Place title here *Actually title*`

labels: Broken Website
assignees: ''
---

<!--
⚠⚠ Do not delete this issue template! ⚠⚠
Reported issues must use this template and have all the necessary information provided. Incomplete reports are likely to be ignored and closed.
-->

<!--

> Thank you for taking the time to create a report about a website issue.

Reviewer: Let's preserve the whitespace.

Ensure that there are no other existing reports for this website issue.
Also, remember to fill out every section on this report and remove any
that are not needed. Finally, place the website address in the title of
this report.
-->

# Broken Website Report

## Website Address
<!-- Provide the website address to allow us to troubleshoot this website issue. -->

## Steps To Reproduce

> <!-- Provide steps to reproduce to allow us to troubleshoot this website issue. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Provide steps to reproduce the problem, and allowing us to troubleshoot this website issue. -->
```

<!--
Here is an example:
- Go to example.com.
- Hover over the example button.
- Notice that when hovering over the example button, it does not change color.
-->

## Expected Behavior
<!-- Provide a clear and concise description of what you expected to happen. -->

## Actual Behavior
<!-- Provide a clear and concise description of what happened. -->

## Screenshots

> <!-- Add screenshots to help explain this website issue. -->

Reviewer: I think we should preserve the `If applicable,` as not every issue would need it and I don't want screenshot when not needed.

## System Information
<!--

> Specify the browser name and version as well as the Dark Reader version you are

Reviewer: Whitespace ;)
